Universal peace and a good attitude for everyone.

Check for mysql/mysql.h to exist in configure.
	Done

DB abstraction: check for installed databases on configure
	and enable/disable them for compilation.

Create MySQL database if it doesn't exist.

Implement table creation with schema support.
	We don't have a schema table yet, add it when it is needed.

Have check return value for asprintf () .. have a macro that does a csync_fatal 
	if there is no memory.

Make database configurable.

From Dennis:
Filename column is too short, but this is due to the fact that mysql 5 only 
supports keys length of max 1000 bytes.
So the filename+peername must be below 333 UTF characters (since mysql looks at 
worst-case when generating the tables). 
	Sort of fixed. Fields are 4096 bytes now (highest MAXPATHLEN of all
	supported platforms) but only the first 1000 chars are unique.

sqlite3:// url not working
	It works but it needs an extra slash like in sqlite3:///var/lib/... 
	Now have a howto if slash is missing and database file is not found.

-a should be stronger than configured database in /etc/csync2.cfg
	Works now.

test long filenames with mysql
	Work now

From Dennis:
Weird characters in filename cuts off the filename at the character. I have a 
danish letter (å encoded in iso-8859-1: \370) still present in my 
now UTF-8 filesystem names. 
	Couldn't reproduce tried with German umlauts.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Test schema support for SQLite 2.

Have command to pipe connection through (for SSH support for example)

From Gerhard Rieger:
	If there are more than one node to sync with print nodes that are not reachable.

	Segfault when syncing a file where one side is a directory and the other one
		is a link.

postgres support

dl_open for all sql related calls
	we don't want to depend on libmysql/libsqlite/whatever on install.
	TODO: how to express that we need at least one sql client library in Debian/RPM

Performance tests: when does it make sense to use mysql instead of sqlite?

Have schema version table.

Compile even when there is no libsqlite (mysql support only)

From Martin: Provide up-to-date packages.
	Resuse build.sh script from drbd-proxy.
